Demo Nodes with Async entities (#77)
eProsima/AML-IP: amlip_demo_nodes/README.md

# eProsima AML-IP Demo Nodes

This is a package containing demos of AML-IP node execution.
In this package there are severat executables:

- [Main](main_node.py) Async Main Node execution
- [Computing](computing_node.py) Async Computing Node execution
- [Status](status_node.py) Async Status Node execution
- [Async Main](sync/sync_main_node.py) Sync Main Node execution
- [Async Computing](sync/sync_computing_node.py) Sync Computing Node execution

---

## Index

- [eProsima AML-IP Demo Nodes](#eprosima-aml-ip-demo-nodes)
  - [Index](#index)
  - [Demo](#demo)
  - [AML Engine Mock](#aml-engine-mock)
  - [Nodes simulated](#nodes-simulated)
    - [Main Node](#main-node)
    - [Computing Node](#computing-node)
  - [Build Project](#build-project)
  - [Real Use Case](#real-use-case)
  - [Synchronous Nodes simulated](#synchronous-nodes-simulated)
    - [Sync Main Node](#sync-main-node)
    - [Sync Computing Node](#sync-computing-node)

---

## Demo

This intends to recreate a simple real scenario where *Computing Nodes* waits and answers tasks from *Main Nodes*.
These nodes can be run from anywhere in the LAN and as much of each kind as desired.

> Th workload of each *Main* will be distributed along the *Computing* available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workload of each *Main* will be distributed along the *Computing* available.
```

> This is a package with a demo on AML-IP node execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a package containing a demo of AML-IP node execution.
```

In this package there are 2 executables, `main` and `computing`.

---

## Index

- [eProsima AML-IP Demo Nodes](#eprosima-aml-ip-demo-nodes)
  - [Index](#index)
  - [Demo](#demo)
  - [AML Engine Mock](#aml-engine-mock)
  - [Nodes simulated](#nodes-simulated)
    - [Main Node](#main-node)
    - [Computing Node](#computing-node)
  - [Build Project](#build-project)
  - [Real Use Case](#real-use-case)
  - [Synchronous Nodes simulated](#synchronous-nodes-simulated)
    - [Sync Main Node](#sync-main-node)
    - [Sync Computing Node](#sync-computing-node)

---

## Demo

This intends to recreate a simple real scenario where *Computing Nodes* waits and answers
tasks from *Main Nodes*.

> These nodes can be run from anywhere in the LAN, and as much of each kind as desired, and the workload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These nodes can be run from anywhere in the LAN and as much of each kind as desired. The workload
```

### Main Node

This is a **Python** application that sends jobs in the format of strings.

> From each string given it creates a job and send it with a configurable time elapsed between job sends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From each string given it creates a job and sends it with a configurable time elapsed between job sends.
```

For each solution received, it prints the solution.
It waits until all jobs have been answered.

> Its implementation can be seen in [main_node.py](main_node.py) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Its implementation can be seen in [main_node.py](main_node.py) file.
```

In order to introduce strings to be sent as jobs, add them as executable inputs.

```sh
# To send 2 jobs
python3 ./install/amlip_demo_nodes/bin/main_node.py FIRST_JOB "Second Job"
```

For further information regarding executable arguments, use `--help` argument.

### Computing Node

> This is a **Python** application that waits for a job to arrive from a Main node and returns the solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a **Python** application that waits for a job to arrive from a *Main node* and returns the solution.
```

It runs until `SIGINT / C^ / Ctrl+C` is received.

Its implementation can be seen in [computing_node.py](computing_node.py) file.

```sh
# To answer jobs
python3 ./install/amlip_demo_nodes/bin/computing_node.py
```

For further information regarding executable arguments, use `--help` argument.

---

## Build Project

> In order to build the following project an be able to operate with this demo Nodes, follow these instructions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to build the following project and be able to operate with this demo Nodes, follow these instructions:
```

source install/setup.bash
```

---

## Real Use Case

> In order to adapt these nodes for a real Use case (substitute the string transformations for real calculations) look in files for comment `ALGEBRAIC` and substitute with own code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to adapt these nodes for a real Use case (substitute the string transformations for real calculations), look in files for comment `ALGEBRAIC` and substitute with own code.
```

---

## Synchronous Nodes simulated

There are some demos under `sync` directory that contains old examples on Synchronous Nodes.

### Sync Main Node

This is a **Python** application that sends jobs in the format of strings.

> From each string given it creates a job, send it and awaits for a computing to receive the solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From each string given it creates a job, sends it and awaits for a computing to receive the solution.
```

There are 2 ways to introduce strings to send jobs:

> 1. Each argument to the python command will be converted to a string and sent as a job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Each argument of the Python command is converted to a string and sent as a job.
```

> 2. If no arguments are given, it expects user to enter strings by keyboard input. Entering an empty string will close the execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If no arguments are given, it expects user to enter strings by keyboard input. Entering an empty string will terminate the execution.
```

```sh
# To send 2 jobs
python3 ./install/amlip_demo_nodes/bin/main_node.py first_job "second job"

# To waits for keyboard input
python3 ./install/amlip_demo_nodes/bin/main_node.py
```

> Its implementation can be seen in `main_node.py` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its implementation can be seen in  [sync_main_node.py](sync/sync_main_node.py) file.
```

### Sync Computing Node

This is a **C++** application that waits for a job to arrive from a Main node and returns the solution.
It receives an integer argument to set the number of tasks that this node must wait before closing.

```sh
# To answer 2 jobs
./install/amlip_demo_nodes/bin/computing_node 2
```

> Its implementation can be seen in `computing_node.cpp` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its implementation can be seen in [sync_computing_node.cpp](sync/sync_computing_node.cpp) file.
```
